King Kai...! You okay?
What did you just see?
What incredible power...!
But wait...
Something s wrong.
Shenron should have
granted our wish by now.
[KAMI] Hurry, Shenron...
time s running out.
Please, return to us
all those who
fell to Frieza and his
evil soldiers...
Once the Grand Elder returned...
then the dragon of Namek
should reappear, as well.
If we re to save
Goku and the others
before Namek is destroyed,
this is our only hope!
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR] Goku s Furious Roar!
A Last-Minute Wish!
[EXPLOSION]
[FRIEZA]
Ha...! Take that!
Did you think... you could
actually win? You... defeat me?
[FRIEZA LAUGHS]
Dad s energy has faded...
It s just suddenly... gone.
What...? But... he s okay,
right? He s not... you know.
[GOHAN] Get going. Take Piccolo
back to Earth without me.
I m staying here.
Whoa, whoa... What?!
Gohan!
Don t do this!
I m my father s son, Bulma...
Dad fought Frieza
cause he had to...
Because it was him or us... I
have to finish what he started.
No...! You don t...!
You can t win!
I can try...
Piccolo would understand.
It s what he and Dad
would ve wanted.
Bye, Bulma... Be safe.
[GOHAN THINKS] There s only
one thing I can do...
I just hope it works!
What s going on...?
This doesn t make any sense!
It s impossible...
We shouldn t still be here.
What s happening...? Why
is the ground shaking like this?
Whatever it is, it s bad...
The sky is pitch black!
Where in the world am I...?
And how did I end up here?
It is done... All those
on Planet Namek who were
defeated by Freiza and his men
have been restored to health.
That s great news.
Until we meet again.
...! He did it! They re back...!
Shenron has
brought everyone back!
Awesome!
You re sure it s everyone?
The Grand Elder returned, didn t
he...? And the Namekian dragon?
[KING KAI] Of course! At least,
I think so. If the others are
back, the Grand
Elder should be.
And if the Grand
Elder is back...
Yes... the sky on Namek
has gone completely dark,
which must mean...
Hold on, let me check.
What is this...? The sky
This must be a sign...
The planet is weakening.
I ve got to get off of
this miserable rock
while I still have time...
I ve already sustained a
considerable amount of damage.
I can t get caught in an
explosion that size.
No...! What now?
What has happened to
me...? What s this...?
Why have I been revived
from my slumber?
Wonderful...!
It s just like we planned!
So there s still time...
but not much...!
Hurry up and tell them
what to wish for!
He s right... Our wish will only
last as long as the Grand Elder!
Don t you think I know that?!
Grand Elder of the
Planet Namek...
This is King Kai of the
Northern Galaxy speaking.
Go on, King Kai.
[KING KAI] I need you to listen
closely; it s very important.
Where re you going...?
Don t tell me you re giving up.
[LAUGHS]
It seems foolishness
runs in your family.
[FRIEZA] You don t stand a
chance against me, kid.
Sad, really...
You can t help it...
Even when you re outmatched,
Saiyans don t know
when to quit.
Well...? Little Saiyan...
You have one chance.
Where do you
think you re going?
[FRIEZA] Slow down!
Pathetic... Well, this shouldn t
take long... Should it boy?
[GOHAN THINKING]
I ve just got to keep him
distracted for a few
more minutes...
The only way to beat him
is to make sure he s
still on the planet
when it explodes...
Hold on... I just had
an excellent idea.
I ll destroy Earth next... in
honor of you and your father.
Go on... You may thank me...
I have been more than
merciful... It s only polite.
[FRIEZA LAUGHS]
Good... You still have
some fight left in you.
[GOHAN THINKING]
Just a little longer. Come on!
That brat...
What is he trying to pull? No!
I ve finally figured
out your little scheme.
You ve been stalling for
time.I see that I m right.
You want to let an exploding
planet do your dirty work.
For shame.
You... you killed my dad.
And Krillin, too...
and the others...
Because of you... they re gone!
I m going to make you pay
for what you did to them!
Masenko... Ha!
About time you showed
some backbone...
Rather impressive for a
toddler, I must say.
[FRIEZA]
But enough fun and games.
It s time I let you in
on a little secret.
I m not fighting at full
power... Not yet...
Not like I did...
with your lame... father.
[GOHAN THINKS]
Dad... Piccolo
It s over.
What?!
You re okay!
Get out of here!
I told you, get to
the ship and go!
But... But Dad!
Go!
Yes, Sir!
Bye, Dad.
[FRIEZA] You really are a pesky
one, aren t you...?
You could have stayed out of
sight and accepted your fate...
A deck hand going
down with the ship.
Foolishness must be
a virtue on Earth;
you all seem to
value it so highly...
It s almost unbelievable
that you would choose
to face someone who wields
the power I possess.
What s unbelievable is how
you can still be so arrogant.
What?!Fine, have it your way
I ll just blast you
into oblivion...
like I did that
other Earthling.
What other Earthling
are you talking about...?
You mean Krillin, don t you?
You ll... pay for that!
[KING KAI] As you can tell,
Grand Elder, Namek could explode
any moment now, taking
everyone on the planet with it.
But there should still be one
wish left on the
Namekian Dragon Balls.
[GRAND ELDER] Yes, King Kai.
I believe you're right.
[KING KAI]
Then we have to move quickly!
We won t get a
second shot at this.
You have to tell your dragon
to transport everyone
except for Frieza
to Planet Earth.
I understand your lordship.
And I realize that time
is of the essence.
[GRAND ELDER] Unfortunately, one
must convey their wish directly
for it to take effect.
But I might be able to
contact someone close by
and ask them to make
the request in perso--
[GOKU]
No, don t do it!
You have to change the wish!
Goku? Have you
been listening in?
What s this?
[GOKU] Don t make the
wish everyone on Namek
except for Frieza ...
Make it everyone on Planet
Namek except for Frieza and me!'
Look, Goku... I know how
you feel, but you ve got
to leave Namek and
get back home soon!
[GOKU] If you even think about
taking me out of this battle--
[GOKU]
I ll never forgive you!
[KING KAI]
But... Goku!
[GOKU]
Please, King Kai.
I m not sure, Goku
[GOKU] Just do it, and fast!
This whole place is
going to blow any second!
Fine, Goku... I can see
your mind s made up.
If you want it that
badly, I won t stop you.
The last thing I remember
is Frieza and a flash of light!
Dende is the closest...
Dende, can you hear me?
This is the Grand Elder.
You re okay!
How? What happened t--
[GRAND ELDER]
There s no time for questions!
I need you to do something
very important!
Porunga should be
somewhere close to you,
waiting for the third
wish... Can you see him?
Yes, Sir. He s right
in front of me.
There must still be one
wish left to make.
Go to him at once... It s up to
you to make the final wish.
Yes, Sir... of course,
but what is it?
[GRAND ELDER] Tell him that we
wish for everyone on Namek
to be relocated to the
planet Earth, except for
Frieza and Goku. Now hurry,
Dende! Time is short!
Okay... If Gohan was right...
we re ready to launch
Why did he have to run off and
pick a fight with Frieza
in the first place?
If he d gone to
find Goku instead,
we d all be on our
way home by now!
[VEGETA THINKING]]
I shouldn t be here...
Not after what
Frieza did to me!
[GOHAN THINKING]
Hurry, Dad.
[KING KAI] Be sure you get back
to Earth safely, Goku.
[GOKU] You ve got
your own worlds
to take care of, King Kai.
I ll handle this one.
So that s Namek s
eternal dragon, huh?
Alright, then... Now I can fight
you without holding back.
[FRIEZA THINKING] The dragon!
It s returned somehow!
Then that means...
the Dragon Balls didn t
turn to stone after all!
This is my chance.
Wait!
Stay out of my way!
Where are they?
[GRAND ELDER]
It s up to you now, Dende.
[KING KAI]
Please get there soon!
Porunga!
I am here, young one...
Have you another wish to make?
Yes...! Yes, I do!
Then... speak your wish now.
Right... Here goes
Porunga our last wish is--
[FRIEZA] Grant immortality
to the mighty Frieza!
No, don t!
Oh, no! It s Frieza!
I wish that I... Frieza-- be
granted... eternal life!
Poporunga, Frieza pot Goku
pupirito... lonlonpa
papipupo paro!
I have heard your wish
and will fulfill it gladly.
All living beings save the
ones known as Goku and Frieza
shall be transported
to Planet Earth.
Why, you little brat!
Frieza!
Vegeta.
Well, Kakarot... I see you ve
become a Super Saiyan at last.
Vegeta...? How are you here?
I defeated you!
Sorry! It didn t take!
I shall take my leave. Farwell.
Wait...! Not yet!
Sorry, Frieza. It looks like
your luck s finally run out...
It s a shame you don t
speak Namekian, isn t it.
You had me a little worried
for a minute there.
I already took care of that kid.
Where did he come from?
My friends used the Dragon
Balls on Earth to bring back
everybody that you and your
goons had taken from us.
What?!
So we got our last wish
on the Dragon Balls here.
And the wish the little Namekian
runt just made-- what it was!
You haven t figured it out yet?
He used the last wish to have
everyone on Planet Namek
moved to Earth
except for you and me.
The planet is beginning to
collapse... In two minutes
Namek will be a cloud
of dust and a memory.
There is only thing that
remains to be seen...
Whether I can end this in
the next two minutes...
or if you can
continue to fight up
until the moment the
planet explodes...
then float forever...
in outer space.
All I know... is that I ve
been waiting for this moment
for a long time... and I
will finally get to see
which one of us is the greatest
warrior in the universe!
Well... It appears I was wrong
about you... You didn t run
off with your tail between your
legs at the first opportunity.
Hand-to-hand combat,
eh...? Oh, alright...
My, this really is
important to you, isn t it?
[NARRATOR] On a desolate,
crumbling planet,
the two most powerful
warriors in the universe
square off for the battle
to end all battles!
Will the winner be decided
by the time Namek explodes?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[ENDING SONG]
Hey! It s me, Goku...!
Is that all you ve got, Frieza?
[FRIEZA]
What did you say to me?!
[GOKU] I was just wondering if
you were ever going to fight me
at full power! Because right
now you re kind of pathetic.
[FRIEZA]
Why, you little monkey!
You ll pay a hefty price
for your insolence!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Alright, Frieza!
It s time to finish this!